Update readme (#25)
3liz/proj4rs: README.md

Proj.transform(from, to, point);
```

## Contributing

> You can contribute to this library by going on the [proj4rs](https://github.com/3liz/proj4rs/) repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contribute to this library by going on the [proj4rs](./CONTRIBUTING.md) repository
```
